
spotify:user:medmonds34:playlist:02wbds3Ra8P3UxL5VuTcuQ               # Fresh Digs
spotify:user:valeedm92:playlist:3preTgFDZKCslaYStI710c                # Dbin Requests

spotify:user:colorize-enhanced:playlist:6vOEVnJPQ7FSTBBB47wTYq        # Colorize Latest Releases
spotify:user:officialthesoundyouneed:playlist:61HjYEXu0F7EqmI0MHvoYB  # The Sound You Need Daily
spotify:user:aboveandbeyondofficial:playlist:71EOlNARIzTqcFXI4tUqsd   # AB Yoga Playlist
spotify:user:ukfmusic:playlist:5ABMzUESx7K7EyowE5kFCl                 # Liquid DnB by UKF
spotify:user:anjunabeats:playlist:5ZVb7epOzLwa1e3CUM0J2w              # Anjunabeats Recommends


spotify:user:kaskadeofficial:playlist:6yNEIJWUoSvgsAFT60NRF5          # Kaskade Konnect
spotify:user:a-trak:playlist:1wq9WlqbrIUknIVaNAnpKP                   # A-Trak Loves
spotify:user:porterrobinson:playlist:1H163taKSeBERTtCu3R7bp           # Porter Robinson's This Is Good List
#spotify:user:elainelin:playlist:4tc12jkUlgtpt5zILPFDit                # Zoedic
#spotify:user:elainelin:playlist:2SUZOyvEJBabqQKfOm15ew                # Zoedic
#spotify:user:elainelin:playlist:1wvHiNXh0AeTC0phMGuzvH                # Zoedic
#spotify:user:elainelin:playlist:6XVhyMuFRS1212blJHTED4                # Zoedic

spotify:user:spotify:playlist:37i9dQZF1DX8tZsk68tuDw                  # Fresh Electronic
spotify:user:twofriendsofficial:playlist:7GAdT75jp9YZG9HyBUEnin       # Two Friends Playground
spotify:user:bronbenzi:playlist:40Jd4VopHJlltIzBFFmtjv                # Benzi

spotify:user:pinnaclecollective:playlist:4tespieoEt05VqWhxv7Wmx       # Pinncale Peaking
spotify:user:theartistunion:playlist:7xRVn4q3S4bsOc4G5x36Ci           # theartistunion
spotify:user:edmjoy:playlist:6F4ccQWjzQPQ00wlgG0Uc4                   # House Music 2018
spotify:user:theswingingturtle:playlist:1BHIDuoDyUfdilr4Revk01        # Tropical Future
spotify:user:blujmusic_:playlist:1wHnVW1tpueIcUHaLdaWwz               # FlyZone
spotify:user:hellodivide:playlist:4qOVpVP17wyrafNpAw80O5              # Div/ide's Secret Sauce
spotify:user:understatedrecordings:playlist:4ooiQ7o3nVJ4uJd8xGqNup    # Understated Recordings
#spotify:user:nightbassrecords:playlist:37XME6IWR1s9y6Zp8D8ctA         # Night Bass
spotify:user:vijano:playlist:7BDigyN8brRD4rpzkwCykZ                   # F A V S. Ferdinand Weber
spotify:user:deadmau5official:playlist:7lPbePQ2kuzv0sp0gkUt1B         # mau5trap
spotify:user:silk_music:playlist:1puOJk0g0qAdR1UjJULPbZ               # New Silk music
spotify:user:anjunadeep:playlist:2wSNKxLM217jpZnkAgYZPH               # Anjunadeep new releases
spotify:user:anjunabeats:playlist:4qKRxGCBWBKQjXpB2TXhP2              # Anjunabeats new releases
spotify:user:aboveandbeyondofficial:playlist:3jzflTIHnZFXGDVsrAgrfq   # ABGT radio episodes
spotify:user:aboveandbeyondofficial:playlist:1hx73aCjL8x8sy5AVZboZy   # ABGT radio playlist
spotify:user:aboveandbeyondofficial:playlist:7r2dSbI6txFfkLHri76GgU   # ABGT guest mix
spotify:user:anjunabeats:playlist:2NjiRZJiwNlMAf65nqSnRt              # Anjuna Workout
spotify:user:anjunabeats:playlist:4ZZslFKS2IRtbqzH1Lt2BU              # Anjuna Alternative beats
spotify:user:aboveandbeyondofficial:playlist:48ibi2SuRflXBHwQ1c57bI   # Above & Beyond: the story

spotify:user:anjunabeats:playlist:6bNfe6grcjKmeNEsctWAXm              # melodic techno
spotify:user:eonitymusic:playlist:5x4CKoKLU8IETk0k5KBVqO              # minimal techno
#spotify:user:drumcoderecords:playlist:2a9vewgAKwZoYkJVBqJoLH         # drumcode

spotify:user:soundrop:playlist:5MG037sSypV015Ns1U6UwA                 # drum m& bass top tracks
spotify:user:basstr00per:playlist:57Md9Efj1TbLHsZcMFgo7C              # drum and bass remixes
spotify:user:ukfmusic:playlist:4oOZJEq1TBUti6PSouTo5M                 # ukf drum & bass
spotify:user:spotify:playlist:37i9dQZF1DX5wDmLW735Yd                  # massive drum and bass
spotify:user:spotify:playlist:37i9dQZF1DWYzMfRQj22Nd                  # drum and bass fix

spotify:user:nlsnmusic:playlist:2RvCCqPiJs8Itcv6SOqFMU                # nlsn releases
#spotify:user:12156857305:playlist:1JyftxRqgqo3suTRCsP7bk             # ryan dominics selected
# spotify:user:nlsnmusic:playlist:6hthMjbN7xJhZoKyPoRxM               # songs i play to my cats
# spotify:user:prxmusic:playlist:3VEFRGe3APwGRl4eTpMS4xe              # proximity
spotify:user:ekalimusic:playlist:2azEV89ou9OPP5kQSDQAzK               # awakening: a playlist by ekali
spotify:user:dj3lau:playlist:0AQgRMkHHWqiRUpnwIP8Nf                   # 3lau haus
spotify:user:sushibomberz:playlist:67oKOtIrkizG0oQ8h9xRrL             # future bass / Chill trap
spotify:user:auxlondon:playlist:6x0yl5LodaoJuIfGruXEHH                # future bass & chill trap
spotify:user:playlists.germany:playlist:1mV7ofmdGmqeLDZUbMZGZL        # future bass
spotify:user:sanholobeats:playlist:1JvcIFP3w2EqpkZFo8LPSg             # san holo - bird chart
spotify:user:lowlypalace:playlist:4255caFkn50N8gNSyhlTlV              # lowly palace
spotify:user:bitbirdofficial:playlist:34rICzQYLwmu9R6A0NhE5Y          # bitbird releases

spotify:user:alltrapnation:playlist:0NCspsyf0OS4BsPgGhkQXM            # Trap Nation
spotify:user:balltrapmusic:playlist:2Uhw5Pqr02nSuRNOT6Bn3z            # Real Trap Essentials
spotify:user:rlgrime:playlist:0B7zobkktYJYJbdvibouLh                  # RL Grime
spotify:user:slanderofficial:playlist:706NKHhgjlvwhqH5V3fU5l          # Slander Radio
spotify:user:runthetrapofficial:playlist:0RKnf4gm6sb7iosMZyyW1s       # Run the trap
spotify:user:trapbangers:playlist:4Q5I1TYJxp7OWcCjSL91Hj              # Trap Bangers
spotify:user:partyfavormusic:playlist:6t0msTUShTphWHuwAwyozB          # Party favorites
spotify:user:diplomaddecent:playlist:6AvLNaeJ7qeF1Ur1kNoiXT           # diplo and Friends Radio
spotify:user:wukimusic:playlist:1cTYATnwb0V5ChNzLjscNF                # wukileaks

spotify:user:jamescarteruk:playlist:5TKomNdTHPJzpzv7Bpfpi3            # James Carter Release
spotify:user:jamescarteruk:playlist:7xbwquyXUNDJxPp1mEX7W5            # Feel Good
spotify:user:odesza:playlist:3CbuNvlevZNRcTpWGKWIZz                   # Odesza - ascent playlist
spotify:user:auxlondon:playlist:6NRIv3GGL6zye4rszYBjDn                # Trending Pop Remixes
spotify:user:auxlondon:playlist:2lXXrX60Se5SUv38vvQsMd                # New Dance Music Friday
spotify:user:spotify:playlist:37i9dQZF1DWYs83FtTMQFw                  # Hot Rhythmic