
spotify:user:medmonds34:playlist:02wbds3Ra8P3UxL5VuTcuQ               # Fresh Digs

spotify:user:colorize-enhanced:playlist:6vOEVnJPQ7FSTBBB47wTYq        # Colorize Latest Releases
spotify:user:officialthesoundyouneed:playlist:61HjYEXu0F7EqmI0MHvoYB  # The Sound You Need Daily
spotify:user:aboveandbeyondofficial:playlist:71EOlNARIzTqcFXI4tUqsd   # AB Yoga Playlist
spotify:user:anjunabeats:playlist:5ZVb7epOzLwa1e3CUM0J2w              # Anjunabeats Recommends

spotify:user:edmjoy:playlist:6F4ccQWjzQPQ00wlgG0Uc4                   # House Music 2018
spotify:user:hellodivide:playlist:4qOVpVP17wyrafNpAw80O5              # Div/ide's Secret Sauce
spotify:user:understatedrecordings:playlist:4ooiQ7o3nVJ4uJd8xGqNup    # Understated Recordings
#spotify:user:nightbassrecords:playlist:37XME6IWR1s9y6Zp8D8ctA        # Night Bass
spotify:user:vijano:playlist:7BDigyN8brRD4rpzkwCykZ                   # F A V S. Ferdinand Weber
spotify:user:deadmau5official:playlist:7lPbePQ2kuzv0sp0gkUt1B         # mau5trap
spotify:user:silk_music:playlist:1puOJk0g0qAdR1UjJULPbZ               # New Silk music
spotify:user:anjunadeep:playlist:2wSNKxLM217jpZnkAgYZPH               # Anjunadeep new releases
spotify:user:anjunabeats:playlist:4qKRxGCBWBKQjXpB2TXhP2              # Anjunabeats new releases
spotify:user:aboveandbeyondofficial:playlist:3jzflTIHnZFXGDVsrAgrfq   # ABGT radio episodes
spotify:user:aboveandbeyondofficial:playlist:1hx73aCjL8x8sy5AVZboZy   # ABGT radio playlist
spotify:user:aboveandbeyondofficial:playlist:7r2dSbI6txFfkLHri76GgU   # ABGT guest mix
spotify:user:anjunabeats:playlist:2NjiRZJiwNlMAf65nqSnRt              # Anjuna Workout
spotify:user:anjunabeats:playlist:4ZZslFKS2IRtbqzH1Lt2BU              # Anjuna Alternative beats
spotify:user:aboveandbeyondofficial:playlist:48ibi2SuRflXBHwQ1c57bI   # Above & Beyond: the story

spotify:user:anjunabeats:playlist:6bNfe6grcjKmeNEsctWAXm              # melodic techno
spotify:user:eonitymusic:playlist:5x4CKoKLU8IETk0k5KBVqO              # minimal techno
#spotify:user:drumcoderecords:playlist:2a9vewgAKwZoYkJVBqJoLH         # drumcode

spotify:user:soundrop:playlist:5MG037sSypV015Ns1U6UwA                 # drum m& bass top tracks
spotify:user:basstr00per:playlist:57Md9Efj1TbLHsZcMFgo7C              # drum and bass remixes
spotify:user:ukfmusic:playlist:4oOZJEq1TBUti6PSouTo5M                 # ukf drum & bass
spotify:user:spotify:playlist:37i9dQZF1DX5wDmLW735Yd                  # massive drum and bass
spotify:user:spotify:playlist:37i9dQZF1DWYzMfRQj22Nd                  # drum and bass fix

spotify:user:jamescarteruk:playlist:7xbwquyXUNDJxPp1mEX7W5            # Feel Good
spotify:user:odesza:playlist:3CbuNvlevZNRcTpWGKWIZz                   # Odesza - ascent playlist
spotify:user:spotify:playlist:37i9dQZF1DWYs83FtTMQFw                  # Hot Rhythmic